#summary This is a collection of TODOs.

This page summarizes the status of several topics. This page was kicked off by a discussion between Daniel and Christoph. Please feel free to add your comments and thoughts. 

== Prepare for a release ==

* The project needs eclipse feature projects and an update site project in order to release it (see Issue 18, Issue 19 and Issue 25).

FIXME: Define features which we want to provide

* Is it planned to include this project in a future oaw release? 

* Are packages and project names ok? Is there a convention for oaw?

* Setup automated build - Maybe with tycho and maven 3? Maybe with buckminster?

== Compatibility with Helios ==

Helios and Xtext might bring some changes which are not compatible with Galileo. The current Trunk should be reactivated and used for the Helios Release. The Galileo branch should exist in parallel. A brief documentation of the branches is required. 

== Documentation ==

* The documentation should be updated (see Issue 21).

CKulla: Will provide documentation on Xtext Grammar visualization, ecore Metamodel and eobject visualization. Will also provided block diagram documentation (only if is released, imho not ready yet).

* Decision about the documentation format required. Provide help in eclipse format. 
How is Xtext doing this?

Daniel Weber: Just checked how EGit [http://wiki.eclipse.org/EGit/Contributor_Guide#Documentation generates Eclipse help] from their [http://wiki.eclipse.org/EGit/User_Guide wiki pages]. They use ant tasks provided by [http://wiki.eclipse.org/Mylyn/WikiText WikiText], seems to be simple enough. The only problem is that WikiText does not yet support Google Code's Wiki Syntax, see [https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=291239 bug 291239]. An implementation for !MoinMoin was started here: http://code.google.com/p/moinmoinwikitext/ . As Google claims their wiki was "inspired by MoinMoin", this might be a start.

== Zest ==

* Add transformation from Zest to Graphviz and vice versa.

* Add SVG export

* Enhance view to automatically reflect changes in the source model

* Check class loader issues

== Blockdiagram ==

* Integrate fixes from Daniel

* Add SVG export

* Enhance workflow selection

* Enhance view to automatically reflect changes in the source model

== Tests ==

There are no automated tests atm :(. We should really have some. We should at least ensure the example workflows remain functional.